=head1 NAME

specs - Ways to specify portions of time

=head1 DESCRIPTION

In clk, B<specs> are a way of specifying some portion of an infinite
timeline.  The two types of specs are B<instants> and B<periods>.  An
instant specifies an exact moment in time.  A period specifies a
duration of time.

clk does not usually provide specs for indicating future time.  Since
clk is concerned with recording events of the past, there's not much
cause for specifying times in the future.

=head1 Instant Formats

=head2 epoch seconds

A number of seconds since the epoch.  This should be an integer number
indicating the number of seconds which have passed since the epoch of
January 1, 1970.  For example,

    1225579020

represents "Sat Nov 1 22:37:00 GMT 2008"

=head2 now

Specifies the current time.

=head2 units into the past

Subtract a certain number of time units from the current time.  For
example, to specify a time exactly 7 minutes in the past, one might
use "7m".

Acceptable time units are:

    m - minutes

=head1 Period Formats

Conceptually, a period can be defined by two instants.  One instant
specifies the starting time and the other instant specifies the ending
time.  The period is all the time in between (end points included).
In practice, it's useful to specify time period using their own
format.

When determining the starting and ending points of a period, B<clk>
uses the local time.  That way, "today" means the day as the user is
likely to think about it instead of the current day in UTC time.

=head2 today

The 24-hour period including the current time.

=head2 yesterday

The day before today.

=head2 day of the week

The full name of any day of the week specifies a 24-hour period from
midnight until just before of the following day.  A day of the week is
interpreted to be in the past.  For instance, if today is Friday, the
period "wednesday" means the day that was two days ago.

=head2 this week

The 7-day period including the current time.

=head2 last week

The 7-day period which ends just before L</this week> starts.

=head2 this month

The month which includes the current time.

=head2 last month

The month preceding the current one.

=head2 ever

All time addressable with Unix epoch times.

